hi this is Adam from members Network and
today I will be showing you how to play
download sickness by disturbed and this
is my new tutorial so alright so the
first thing you're gonna want to do is
put your guitar and drop c-sharp because
that's how to start what to play in this
song you know most of their songs
usually in drop C or something similar
but apparently that one sickness is in
drop C sharp so you can either just tune
it all up or all down or you can just do
what I do and just do everything one
fret higher so what would normally be
become all you have to do is if you
don't want to have to if you don't want
to tune up to c-sharp if you wanted to
stay and see like the rest of the songs
all you have to do is just bring
everything up one fret which is what I
do in all my videos and when I play so
alright so once you have done that
you're gonna want to start off well the
intro is it's obvious it's not really
anything it's just a drum pattern that
good that goes in for a little while and
then after I've after about the second
time it goes around you start on like
this you just follow the pattern with
you room with like muted notes like like
muted the first three strings
and you just do that a few times and
then after you done with that it's like
after you get to there you go down to
here and since I'm doing this in just
regular C I'm gonna bring everything up
one and if you want to figure out it'd
be easier but it's right here on the
eighth fret
he goes eight eleven it goes eight
eleven nine that's eight wait
yeah so only its muted so
and that is on the fifth string by the
way
all right so that goes in for a while
it's intro by likes and then after it
does that for a few times it goes into a
part where it's like
which is the exact same pattern I'm the
exact same pattern only it's lower on
the fret and it's um it's a it's Bart
and you have to bar the um top three
strings
um and then it's let's see it's um for
it goes for seven five four no four
seven four five
or if you're doing it in c-sharp it's
going to be
anyway you the point and that goes on
for a while and that pretty much good
and then after that you just pretty much
follow the rhythm with it cuz you do
muted you did a muted on the fourth fret
1st strings or you can do I mean give
you the first three strings like
normally two or one I sometimes do one
because it's it's easier to control it
sometimes sounds smoother but if you
want to have more of a bigger effect you
can do it like that but okay so then you
do that and that sort of like
and then in a while then I'd towards the
end it goes like it goes like a make
sure it goes like this
he's pretty much like the same pattern
only instead of doing it three times
like
it goes it goes only halfway and then
Joe's in between it sounds like
and then add alright and then after that
part is when you come into the what I
would call the verse which is pretty
much like it's just it's four seven
you can you can strum that however you
want it means as long as it fits in song
well so that's I mean I do it like this
so you can do that and that's um the
same thing only it's like
you're just gonna beat there in between
it so that's not that's so far up until
now it's very very easy and then you
pretty much just do that then the verses
and it doesn't really change much until
I'd say towards the ending or the third
quarter of the song where it goes at
something like this
I'm sure you know if that part is far
guys gonna be just best but you do that
and then on the I think fifth or sixth
time fourth or fifth something like that
it goes like this
and then from there on it just goes
and is that for a while actually and
then and then it gets really quiet and
it's only the guitar and then
immediately after you doing doing that
like that's not even a second between
you can only do which is actually the
exact same way if it sounds exact same
only you can play it two different ways
which what they're doing
only instead of playing it down here
they're playing it up here so I mean you
can do it either way I just do it
because it's fun but um you do that and
then it's just sort of like
and follows that through the end of the
song
and that's pretty much it that's really
it there's it's probably probably one of
their easiest if not the resist song to
play so it's not very hard to learn if
you didn't understand that well because
I'm a crappy teacher then you could get
the tabs or the sheet music whatever you
want but it's not that hard to learn
took me like about half an hour to tell
you through so it's a good song I
recommend learning it especially if
you're a like new beginner or
intermediate level it's really fun so
that's about it alright